This file describes how to get kibot up and running.  For help
installing kibot, see the INSTALL file.  For help using kibot once it's
running, see the man pages, documents in doc, and the "online" help.

NORMAL INSTALLS

If you've installed in a "normal" way, either via "./setup.py install"
or a package (such as an rpm), then you should be able to just run
"kibot" to get started.  However, an ircbot is not useful without
connecting to an irc server, so you may want to specify one.  There
are a few ways to go about that:

 1) specify a server with the -s option

    kibot -s myserver.com

 2) specify a config file with the -C option.  Sample config files are
    included in the doc directory.  The default config file is
    kibot.conf.

 3) specify a base directory with the -b option.  Most
    file/directories specified to kibot are considered relative to the
    base directoy.  This includes the config file.  The default base
    directory is '.'.

You'll probably find it easiest to put this in kibot.conf:

[irc]
nick = testbot
server = myserver.com
channels = #bottest

and then running

  kibot

DIRECT CONNECTIONS

In order to control many bot functions (such as loading and unloading
modules), you need to have appropriate permissions.  Do this with the
program "kibot-control". By default, kibot listens on a unix socket.
Connections to this socket are treated like normal irc dialogs
(private /msg exchanges), except that commands are exempt from
permissions checks. So, when you first set up your bot on a channel,
you probably want to join the channel (say, with nick "foo") and then
do the following at a shell:

  kibot-control              # by default, it uses DC_SOCKET in the basedir
  meet foo with owner        # add you as userid foo and give yourself 
                             # owner permissions

TROUBLESHOOTING

If you're having trouble, turn up the debugging level with the --debug option.
Using --debug=10 will give you LOTS of information.  In particular, note that 
the values of all options are printed when kibot starts up (this happens at
debug level 5).
